<h1>Abstract</h1>
Accelerated Processing Units (APUs) combine CPU and GPU capabilities onto a single piece of silicon, making their popularity grow within the high-performance computing field. With the release of AMD’s new APU under the MI300x architecture and the development of the next fastest supercomputer, El Capitan at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory (LLNL), utilizing the MI300x APUs, we need to create monitoring tools to ensure we are optimizing the performance of our applications upon APU resources. AMD’s ROCProfiler API provides performance monitoring capability for AMD GPUs and APUs. The Light-Weight Distributed Metric System (LDMS) at Sandia is a widely utilized monitoring service infrastructure for large-scale systems. Given that Sandia has already implemented CPU application monitoring using LDMS, we strive to extend this capability to include monitoring for AMD GPUs and APUs. In this report, we examine the current limitations of AMD's ROCProfiler monitoring tool, describe our approach to addressing these challenges, and provide an overview of capabilities of the plugin we developed to monitor GPU performance with LDMS. By focusing on the MI250x accelerator GPUs that we have access to at Sandia, we developed a proof-of-concept prototype aimed to be implemented on the current fastest supercomputer, Frontier, at Oak Ridge National Laboratory, to eventually be adapted for the MI300x APUs on El Capitan. Our tool provides performance counter metrics during kernel execution as a time series with trivial overhead. This allows the user to collect performance data during the course of an application's execution on the AMD accelerators. 
